Remove unused tx related methods from IStore (#1538) (#2201)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

### Backward-incompatible API changes

>  -  Removed unused tx related methods from IStore [[#1538], [#2201]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Removed unused transaction related methods from `IStore` and its
    implementations [[#1538], [#2201]]
```

Author: thanks. that makes sense.
